README.md, before:

# HACKtheMACHINE: Unmanned Track 3

See the mission description at [HACKtheMACHINE: Unmanned Track 3](https://www.hackthemachine.ai/track3).

# Requirements

It's recommended to use VSCode. A dev environment is already configured to run in VSCode terminal.

Add a `.env` file to the project with your AWS credentials:

```env
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=…
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=…
CDK_DEFAULT_ENV_NAME=user-…
```

If you prefer another editor then checkout `.devcontainer/Dockerfile` for instructions on setting up a dev environment.

# Installation

Install Node.js dependencies:

```sh
yarn install
```

Install Python dependencies:

```sh
poetry install
```

# Model

Add a `.wandb_api_key` to the root of the project.
You can get an API key at [Weights & Biases](https://wandb.ai/site).

# CDK (infrastructure)

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

If this is the first time a CDK project has been deployed to this particular account, run:

```
yarn cdk bootstrap
```

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
yarn cdk synth
```

To add additional dependencies, for example other CDK libraries, just add
them to your `package.json` file and rerun the `yarn install` command.

## Useful commands

- `yarn cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
- `yarn cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
- `yarn cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
- `yarn cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
- `yarn cdk docs`        open CDK documentation
- `yarn cdk destroy`     destroy stack

## Website

The website’s source code and README is located in the `./site` directory.
It's build is output to the `./docs` directory and hosted using GitHub Pages.

## Contributors

<a href="https://www.compositeenergytechnologies.com/">
  <img src="" title="Composite Energy Technologies" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://www.current-lab.com">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/77344091" title="Current Lab" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/spear-ai">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/89326455" title="Spear AI" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/psirenny">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/463178" title="Dennis Torres" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/captainjackcity">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/32316343" title="Jackson Koehler" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/JaimCoddington">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94637237" title="Jaim Coddington" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/jobeid1">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/80070004" title="Joseph Obeid" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/kevinrosa">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13137098" title="Kevin Rosa" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/mike-spear">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/89326447" title="Michael Hunter" width="80" height="80">
</a>

## Special thanks to

<a href="https://github.com/aws">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2232217" title="Michael Hunter" width="80" height="80">
</a>

Commit message:

feat: continue adding environment to neural-mmo
* Add northern/southern sea ports to environment data.json (spawn information)
* Restore Competition config to original settings (except training parameters which, are kept small)
* Add DefaultConfig and EastPacificOcean config
* Replace local ray library with git patch to decrease build time by ~30 minutes

README.md, after:

# HACKtheMACHINE: Unmanned Track 3

See the mission description at [HACKtheMACHINE: Unmanned Track 3](https://www.hackthemachine.ai/track3).

# Requirements

It's recommended to use VSCode. A dev environment is already configured to run in VSCode terminal.

Add a `.env` file to the project with your AWS credentials:

```env
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=…
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=…
CDK_DEFAULT_ENV_NAME=user-…
```

If you prefer another editor then checkout `.devcontainer/Dockerfile` for instructions on setting up a dev environment.

# Installation

Install Node.js dependencies:

```sh
yarn install
```

Install Python dependencies:

```sh
poetry install
poetry run python model/server/ray/patch.py
```

# CDK (infrastructure)

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

If this is the first time a CDK project has been deployed to this particular account, run:

```
yarn cdk bootstrap
```

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
yarn cdk synth
```

To add additional dependencies, for example other CDK libraries, just add
them to your `package.json` file and rerun the `yarn install` command.

## Useful commands

- `yarn cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
- `yarn cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
- `yarn cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
- `yarn cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
- `yarn cdk docs`        open CDK documentation
- `yarn cdk destroy`     destroy stack

# Model

Add a `.wandb_api_key` to the root of the project.
You can register an API key at [Weights & Biases](https://wandb.ai/site).

### Commands

Commands are stored in the scripts section of `./package.json`:

- `yarn model:environment:generate` Generate model environments
- `yarn model:train`                Train model

## Website

The website’s source code and README is located in the `./site` directory.
It's build is output to the `./docs` directory and hosted using GitHub Pages.

## Contributors

<a href="https://www.compositeenergytechnologies.com/">
  <img src="" title="Composite Energy Technologies" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://www.current-lab.com">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/77344091" title="Current Lab" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/spear-ai">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/89326455" title="Spear AI" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/psirenny">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/463178" title="Dennis Torres" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/captainjackcity">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/32316343" title="Jackson Koehler" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/JaimCoddington">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94637237" title="Jaim Coddington" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/jobeid1">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/80070004" title="Joseph Obeid" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/kevinrosa">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13137098" title="Kevin Rosa" width="80" height="80">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/mike-spear">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/89326447" title="Michael Hunter" width="80" height="80">
</a>

## Special thanks to

<a href="https://github.com/aws">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2232217" title="Michael Hunter" width="80" height="80">
</a>
